As I was walking home to my apartment one morning, I became witness to an accident. I was walking back towards the apartment building and as I walked along the sidewalk of the 
parking lot in front of my building the accident occurred. I cannot recall the time exactly but it was sometime late morning as the sun was high in the sky and everything was very 
well lit. the accident in question was the rear-end collision of a white Volkswage Golf into what seems to be a blue Renault. As I was walking back to th eapartment on the right-hand 
side of the parking lot, a young couple in front of me was walking with a child in a stroller and the man was carrying a soccer ball and bouncing it along the ground as he went. 
Across the parking lot, on the left-hand side, a woman was removing groceries from her car's trunk with her dog tied to a leash held in her hand. A white van was parked in a space on 
the right side of the lot, blocking the view of the walking couple from traffic. As the first car turned into the lot, due to this van, he was unable to see the pedestrians until they were already 
about to cross the street. As the couple walked up the the crosswalk the man got surprised by the sound of the car approaching and accidentally dropped his ball, which then rolled across the 
street. Seeing this ball, the first car suddenly stopped, the noise of it's tires screeching was enough to scare the dog on the lady's leash and cause him to lunge at the car, making the 
woman drop her bag of groceries all over the parking lot. As the first car suddenly stopped, the second vehicle, the white Golf, who turned into the same parking lot only moments after the first, 
was unable to react and respond in time to apply his brakes as he ran into the back of the blue car. after the collision occurred and both vehicles had stopped, the woman ran out to pick up 
her dog and the man who dropped the ball walked over to assist her in picking up all of her groceries. This same man then went over to the drivers of the two vehicles, who were already now talking 
about the accident and discussing it's details and how to manage it. One of the drivers had already called the police to inform them of the accident and get an officer on the scene to help manage 
details. 